can you just hit that on switch for me
[Music]
oh my god turn it off i'm gonna get
fired again
oh shimmer jacket jacket jacket jacket
jacket why why why
you seen these dudes right here they
stole my car these are right there
though
they're not helping at all you know what
sometimes you just gotta
holy
sinking go get some butter
[Music]
ah it's finally time for that road
trip i'm talking
shouldn't have taken my sister's car man
she's crazy he will kill us
keep your mouth shut snitches get
stitches if the squad ain't with me then
it ain't right
we got four whole days we can kick back
relax and breathe in america
we are the only black people in here
like the mega toes
what are you doing up there get down
here
[Applause]
come on come on get up
what is this the zoo come on man you
know i love zugs
i'm gonna get a selfie with a gorilla no
oh my god okay he's a human being
[Applause]
fit ever we're going to jail that's a
stolen car
maybe we can get somebody to help us fix
it
people from the street don't hate people
[Music]